add home page features, and several other changes (#49)
greenelab/greenelab.com: index.md

The Greene Lab is a team of researchers at the [Perelman School of Medicine](https://www.med.upenn.edu/) at the [University of Pennsylvania](https://www.upenn.edu/) dedicated to answering important questions in biology and medicine with computation.
We focus on bringing together publicly available [big data](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Big_data), developing new computational methods to analyze that data, and creating tools to put those resources into the hands of every biologist.

---

{% capture text %}
We use data science to answer important questions in biology and medicine.

> Our approach to research prioritizes transparency, rigor, and reproducibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We prioritize transparency, rigor, and reproducibility in all of our research.
```

> [See all of our research &nbsp;→](research)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[See what we've published &nbsp;→](research)
```

{% endcapture %}
{%
  include feature.html
  image="background-laptop-paper.jpg"
  url="research"

>   heading="Data + biology = insight"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  heading="biological data + machine learning → insight"
```

  text=text
%}

{% capture text %}

> All of our software, tools, datasets, etc. are 100% open-source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We aim to make all of the software, tools, datasets, and other resources that we generate freely available and openly licensed.
```

> We believe in creating free and transparent resources that anyone around the world can use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We believe that anyone around the world should be able to replicate and extend our work.
```

> [Check out our useful resources &nbsp;→](resources)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[See our highlighted resources &nbsp;→](resources)
```

{% endcapture %}
{%
  include feature.html
  image="code-photo.jpg"
  url="resources"
  heading="Open source, all the way"
  text=text
%}

{% capture text %}

> Our lab is a team of a highly engaged and collaborative team of researchers that want to push the frontier of data science.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are a team of enthusiastic researchers who want to push the frontier of data science.
```

> We recognize that diversity of experience and perspective is key in the process of discovery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We strive to build an inclusive environment for research and recognize that using artificial intelligence techniques to improve equity will require diverse teams.
```

> [Learn more about our team &nbsp;→](team)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Meet our team &nbsp;→](team)
```
